Adding QField App Directory section on Storage page (#605)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/storage.en.md

There are various possibilities to export copies of project files and datasets from the source device running QGIS and importing them on to a target device for field-data collection.
Below are OS-specific instructions on how to access projects and individual datasets through QField.

## QField App directory

> Beyond project-specific files stored in imported folders, QField utilizes a dedicated **App Directory** to manage resources and configurations that are shared across all projects on a device. This centralized location allows users to define custom fonts, basemaps, projection grids, and more, without needing to duplicate these files for every project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond project-specific files stored in project folders, QField utilizes a dedicated **App Directory** to manage resources and configurations that are shared across all projects on a device.
This centralized location allows users to provide custom fonts, basemaps, projection grids, and more, without needing to duplicate these files for every project.
```

### How to Locate the App Directory

Finding the exact location of this directory on your device.

1. From the QField home screen, open any project.
2. Tap the main menu icon (**☰**) in the top-left corner to open the side panel.
3. Select **About QField** from the menu.
4. The application directory locations will be displayed at the bottom of the screen just below the *App directories* path (the paths differ depending on the operating system).

!![QField app directories](../assets/images/qfield_app_directories.png)

#### Typical Locations

The path varies by operating system. Here are some common examples to help you find it:

- **Android:** `Internal Storage/Android/data/ch.opengis.qfield/files/QField`.

- **iOS:** `Files App > On My iPhone/iPad > QField`

- **Windows:** `C:\Users\<YourUsername>\AppData\Roaming\ch.opengis.qfield\QField`

- **macOS:** `/Users/<YourUsername>/Library/Application Support/QField/QField`

> - **Linux:** `/home/<YourUsername>/.local/share/ch.opengis.qfield/QField`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Linux:** `/home/<YourUsername>/.local/share/OPENGIS.ch/QField`
```

For me, that's the folder I have. @nirvn can you confirm?

#### The App Directory Structure

| **Directory** | **Purpose and Contents** |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `auth/`       | Stores authentication configurations (e.g., `OAuth.xml` certificates) required to access secured web services (WMS, WFS).                   |

> | `basemaps/`   | Contains shared basemap files, like MBTiles tile layers.                                                                                    |

Author: Noted, I will give a more review, in the next week!.... Many thanks @m-kuhn!
